[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
As the struggle continues,
the razer-sharp threads
of Doflamingo's "Birdcage"
tear across Dressrosa.
Now, the final
countdown begins,
and Luffy must finish Doflamingo
before the kingdom and everyone
in it is torn to shreds.
Your demise is long overdue.
[pants] There's not
much time left!
Now Billow-White!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
It's over!
I'll blow you away!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Damn you!
[gasps]
I'm gonna end this for good.
With my Gum-Gum...
...Leo Bazooka!
[BOTH] The damn Birdcage.
It's still there!
It's time for Gum-Gum...
[TOWNSMAN 728Y] Hey, what's
the matter? Are you okay?
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[LUFFY panting]
Sorry, but I can't help you.
Poor guy. I don't think
he can go on!
If you turn back, you'll die
along with him! Keep running!
[TOWNSMAN D]
Let the pirates sort it out!
[panting]
Hang in there, Straw Hat!
It's almost over now!
Think you've got
some fight left?
Do you recognize me?
It's Gyats! From the
tournament! Remember?
[panting]
That mysterious warrior
named Lucy. It was you!
[LUFFY]
Uh, yeah.
Ha! It's true!
For one so small,
you've got serious strength!
Doflamingo's about to strike!
Quick, what's your next move?
Is there anything I can do
to help you out?
Buy me ten minutes.
Huh? What for?
[LUFFY]
After I use Bounce-Man,
I have to wait ten minutes
to recharge my Haki.
Bounce-Man? Okay?
[LUFFY] I don't know what
Doflamingo's next move is,
but I'm pretty much
useless right now,
so I gotta stay away from him.
Once my Haki comes back,
I'll give him one good punch,
and that'll be
the end of him. I promise.
[GYATS gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles] What do
you think you're gonna do
when I get over there,
Straw Hat?
Bounce me to death?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Ready or not, here I come!
Ten minutes.
If I make that happen,
we're free from this mess?
Tell me! Do you really think,
in ten minutes,
you can beat Doflamingo
and get rid of the Birdcage?
Hey! Answer me!
I know I can!
All right!
Ten minutes!
Can you men work with that?
[COMPETITORS]
Yeah!
No sweat!
It'll go by faster
than the blink of an eye!
Take it easy, Lucy.
After you rest up, you can
really sock it to Doflamingo!
Let us handle the rest!
Those are all the other
competitors from the tournament.
They're the same people who
weren't willing to
help you before!
Forgive us, Lucy!
We shouldn't have
gotten so distracted
by the bounty on your head!
Yeah, we didn't know
you'd give Doflamingo
a run for his money!
We're sorry!
As an apology,
we'll put our lives on
the line to help you out!
Sorry if we beat him
before you get a chance!
Hm?
Guess we can finally give you
a proper thank-you,
Mr. Heavenly Demon.
We've got a lot to say, so this
could take a little while.
[COMPETITORS chuckling]
[MEADOWS chuckles]
[LOGAN chuckles]
[COMPETITOR F]
He's lookin' for a fight, huh?
[COMPETITOR G]
Let's get him!
[COMPETITORS cheer]
All right! Now's our chance!
The other half of you,
follow my lead!
[COMPETITORS]
Right!
Remember, men! Keep him safe!
Just ten minutes!
After that, we'll be
as good as free!
[COMPETITORS]
Yeah!
Look out.
[GYATS]
Hm?
[GYATS gasps]
[BURGESS cackles]
Too bad! I've got ya!
What? Not this guy again!
Heh! Hey, Sabo!
[SABO]
Luffy!
His Haki is weak.
[cackles]
Too bad, I've got ya!
[COMPETITOR H]
Hey, isn't that?
[COMPETITOR I] Yeah,
he's one of the Three-Stars!
Who is he?
[COMPETITOR Q] The Revolutionary
Army's Chief of Staff!
Just in time.
Yeah, I'm everything you say,
and I came here to
save my brother Luffy.
Huh?
[SABO] Now, what is it you
want with him, Burgess?
He's your brother?
That's interesting.
[BURGESS]
Wonder why that rings a bell.
[COMPETITORS scream]
[SABO] I'm sure Fire Fist
Ace said it, too.
He's our brother as well.
Huh?
Eh?!
Oh, really? Fire Fist Ace.
I get the picture now.
[SABO] After the battle
on Banaro Island,
you Blackbeard Pirates
took Ace captive,
and that ended up
being the catalyst
for that terrible battle
in Marineford.
Darkness take you!
[ACE]
Flame Emperor!
[TEACH cackles]
The sun against darkness, huh?
Only one can win!
I'll make Whitebeard
the King or die trying.
[yelling]
[SABO]
Ace made his own choice,
so I won't blame you
for what happened.
But I'll be watching Luffy's
back from here on out.
Don't forget that!
[cackles] Do you think I care
about your little
brotherly bond?
Or about you?
Or the Revolutionary
Army's plans?
This is between me and him.
Just you and him?
I wouldn't be so sure.
[gasps]
Thanks for the prize.
Cheater! That fruit was
supposed to be mine!
[SABO]
Ace! I take your ability.
Fire Fist!
Bastard! That was you?
[chuckles]
What? He ate it?
Hey, Luffy. I'm sorry
I can't do more.
Doflamingo's on his way over,
and I'm gonna have my hands
pretty full with this guy.
[cackles]
I'll be fine. Cats and
those other dudes
said they'd buy
more time for me.
The name's Gyats!
Then I can take care
of Mingo, no problem!
Wow, you're the man
with the plan, aren't ya?
Then leave this to me!
Sabo. Ace's fruit. You ate it?
[chuckles] Well, I couldn't
give it up, could I?
It was our brother's.
Yeah! Good thinking!
That ability's gonna
be mine, little man!
Keep him safe, Pets!
My name's Gyats,
but I've got him!
[cackles]
Galleon Lariat!
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[GYATS gasps]
Now, Burning Dragon Claw Fist!
[gasps]
[BURGESS screams]
[BURGESS]
That's hot!
And Flame Dragon King!
Burgess lost?
That guy works for
one of the Four Emperors!
Yeah, but Sabo?
That guy's a big shot
Revolutionary!
As soon as he saw the
Flame-Flame Fruit's power,
he turned all of
his attention to me.
[SABO] I guess that means
the rumors were true.
[SABO]
Burgess is hunting down people
who possess
Devil Fruit abilities.
Hold on, Lucy! I'm confused!
I thought you won
the competition
and got the Flame-Flame Fruit!
[LUFFY] The Lucy in
the last round wasn't me.
[GYATS]
Huh?!
[LUFFY] I had to go somewhere,
so Sabo fought in my place.
That's a balatan violation
of tournament rules!
But I suppose it all worked out.
Right! Taking over your
deceased brother's ability
was a noble goal, indeed!
And besides, giving you
a chance to recover
and overthrow Doflamingo
is the only hope
our kingdom has left
at this point!
[COMPETITORS scream]
[GYATS gasps]
[COMPETITOR L groans]
We've been wearing him down,
but he's still got
so much strength!
Don't give up now!
We have to keep stalling him!
[COMPETITOR P screams]
You're nothing but flies!
I could kill the lot of you
with my eyes closed
if I didn't have
more important business!
Now come and face me, Straw Hat.
I'll make you regret this.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I said face me!
[NARRATOR] Zoro and Franky
attempt to stop the Birdcage.
But the strings are closing in
at increasing speed,
as if to strangle the very hopes
of Dressrosa's people.
Then, just when it appears that
Luffy may not recover in time,
a bright and miraculous light
shines upon the
crumbling kingdom!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Tears of Miracles!
Mansherry's Fight!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!